# CS-250-Software-Development-Lifecycle
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
User needs are interpreted by effectively communicating with stakeholders about needs and requirements for the program. The relaying of this information occurs during meetings between company representitives and the Product Owner of the Scrum team. User stories provide an accurate description of the needs and expectations of users. User stories also help the team maintain its focus and provide an effective solution that fulfils the customer's requirements.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
A good approach to consider is the agile methodology. Agile tends to be more effective than traditional methods such as the Waterfall method becuase of its ability to rapidly adapt to changing circumstances. It also has the advantage of providing incremental working software. Using this technique, the team can share its progress with stakeholders and gather feedback on the ongoing work and make any changes necessary. Since the the Agile process isn't linear, it doesn't have to follow sequential steps that require the project to start over from previous steps like the Waterfall method. Agile processes that I hope to incorporate into my future work include continuous integration, regular feedback loops and sprint planning.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
A good team member in software development is one that keeps their team updated on the progress being made and addresses any challenges encountered by using effective communication. Proper collaboration is also a key feature that a good team member must have when working with teammates. By being reliable, taking ownership of your work and meeting specific deadlines you are also helping your team prosper and deliver a successful project.
